# file_server_mp
multi-platform file server for Windows/Linux
 
## About
it is a simple multi-platform file server, it can send and receive single files between different platforms (Windows/Linux).
it has a RSA cryptography and a client identifications is a unique random numbers, generated by client. 
These keys are install on the server-side. Them are need to be placed in the root directory where the executable server is located. You need to move both keys there.
 
## Building
### Windows
```
cl.exe client.c -o client.exe
cl.exe server.c -o server.exe
```
### Linux
```
gcc.exe client.c -o client.out
gcc.exe server.c -o server.out
```
## Usage
### Server
```
server <port>
```
starts the server
`port` - port for accepting a remote connections

### Client
```
client <client_id> <ip> <port> [r/t] <from> <to>
```
connects to the server  
`client_id` - unique identifier registered on the server side  
`ip`        - remote server ip for connection  
`port`      - remote server port for connection  
`r/t`       - file transfer direction (receive - receiving a file from a server/transmit - transmitting a file to a server)  
`from`      - source directory from a server on receive or source directory from a client on transmit  
`to`        - destination directory for a client on receive or destination directory for a server on transmit  
```
client <client_id>
```
generates the keys  
`client_id` - unique identifier to generate a keys
### Key generation
1. to run the `client <client_id>` to generate private and public keys.  
2. to send the .priv and the .pub keys without renaming to the server.  
3. connect to the server with your unique identifier.  
  
`from` and `to` paths are relative by default  
